docs: Desktop POC SDD (#1709)
Flank/flank: docs/desktop/flank_desktop.md

# Flank desktop prototype

## Prototype Flank options

> The prototype will run simple Android test on given apk and test apk with option to specify some flanks flags, as well

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prototype will run a simple Android test on a given apk and test the apk with options to specify some flanks flags, as well
```

> as max tests shards. Those flags are the most popular one based on [mixpanel analytics](https://mixpanel.com/report/2288623/view/2835119/dashboards#id=879189)

Reviewer: analytics will change over time. Will we continually update this to always reflect the most common mixpanel analytics?

Author: yes, but options chosen to create this POC based on this analytics
